Changelog 2026 05 08 (#4877)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2026-05-08.md

---

## Faster writes on Neon

Neon now delivers significantly faster writes across all projects. For write-heavy workloads, this optimization delivers up to a **5x performance improvement** in our testing.

![HammerDB benchmark](/docs/changelog/hammerdb_throughput.jpg)

This performance enhancement comes from reducing extra write overhead in Postgres and moving more of that work to Neon's storage layer, while preserving durability.

For a technical deep dive, see the blog post: [Everyone gets faster writes: Turning off FPW on Neon](https://neon.com/blog/turning-off-fpw-for-faster-writes).

## Snapshot billing

**Snapshot storage pricing took effect on May 1, 2026**. Snapshots are now billed at $0.09/GB-month. This applies to both manual snapshots and snapshots created by automated backup schedules.

To review snapshot billing, visit the **Billing** page in the Neon Console. To view snapshot storage, see the **Backup & Restore** page.

![Snapshot storage size](/docs/changelog/snapshot_storage_size.png)

For more about snapshots, see [Backup & restore](/docs/guides/backup-restore).

## Require two-factor authentication for your organization

> Organization **admins** can now require **two-factor authentication** for everyone in the organization from **Organization → Settings**. You can only enable this if **your own account already uses 2FA**, so you don't lock yourself out while rolling out the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization **admins** can now require **two-factor authentication** for everyone in the organization. You can only enable this if **your own account already uses 2FA**, so you don't lock yourself out while rolling out the policy. Turn this feature on in **Organization → Settings**. 
```
